Pasta al forno con pollo e broccoli

2 cups cooked chicken
1 onion, chopped into ~2 cm2 pieces
Olive oil
Paprika
1 lb broccoli, cut into bite-sized florets
1 red pepper, cut into ~2 cm × 2cm squares
1 lb pasta (fusilli, penne, eliche), or slightly more
4 tbsp butter
3 tbsp flour
3-4 cups milk
A pinch nutmeg
1 cup grated Parmigiano Reggiano
1 cup grated mozzarella cheese or other hard cheese
2 tbsp breadcrumbs

Optional: tomatoes, mustard, other cheeses, ricotta cheese, shallots, etc. See Variations below.

1.	Grease a baking dish large enough to hold all the ingredients with a tablespoon of butter.
2.	Preheat the oven to 375°F.
3.	Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add salt and the broccoli; bring to a boil again and cook for 2 minutes. Remove the broccoli and set aside. Cook the pasta and onion together in the same water until half done (for fusilli that cooks in 9 minutes, cook for 5 minutes). Reserving 1-2 cups of the cooking water for the sauce. Drain pasta and onion and rinse under cold water to prevent the pasta from sticking together.
4.	Meanwhile, taste the chicken and add salt, pepper and paprika if needed. Add 2 tbsp of oil in a large pan and fry the chicken quickly until golden. Set aside with the broccoli.
5.	In the same pan, melt 3 tbsp of butter. Add the flour to create a roux and cook 3 minutes without browning. Add the milk and bring to a boil. Add the mustard (if using), half the parmigiano, half the mozzarella and nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper. When cheese is melted, turn off the heat.
6.	Add the pasta and onions to the béchamel sauce and stir to combine. Add some additional stock or pasta cooking water if the sauce is too thick.
7.	Add the chicken, broccoli and red peppers (and the optional tomatoes and ricotta cheese) to the pasta. Spoon the pasta mixture into the baking dish. Strew the remaining mozzarella and parmigiano cheese on top. Cover with breadcrumbs and dot with butter or drizzle with olive oil.
8.	Bake for ~45 minutes until bubbling and the top is browned.

Variations:
•	Soften minced shallots in the butter before adding flour to make a roux
•	Add tomatoes or Dijon mustard to the béchamel sauce
•	Add ricotta cheese to the chicken, broccoli and red peppers
•	Add other cheeses to the sauce: grated hard cheeses; e.g., pecorino, gruyere, Emmental, any old cheese that needs to be used.
•	Add a few chopped tomatoes with the red pepper
